[servers]
metis.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
adrastea.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
amalthea.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
thebe.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
ganymede.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
callisto.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
themisto.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
leda.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
ersa.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
himalia.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
pandia.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
lysithea.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
elara.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
dia.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
carpo.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
valetudo.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
euporie.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
eupheme.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
mneme.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
euanthe.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
harpalyke.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
orthosie.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
helike.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
praxidike.jupyter.ber.lab.alpaka.space ansible_user=ubuntu
